src/pages/about.md, before:

---
id: about
title: About
slug: /about
---

# About BeyondTesting.dev

**BeyondTesting.dev** explores how software can be correct _by design_, not just through testing.

It focuses on **Design by Contract (DbC)**, a methodology that embeds correctness into code through preconditions, postconditions, and invariants.

This isn't a testing library. It's a mindset shift.

---

## Why this site exists

Most developers spend their careers chasing correctness with tests. Writing them. Updating them. Rewriting them.

> We're not here to chase correctness. We're here to design it in from the start.

**BeyondTesting.dev stands for correctness, clarity, and a refusal to settle.**

BeyondTesting.dev shows how **contracts** can do just that — through clear diagrams, real code examples, and language-native support.

---

## Who it's for

- Curious developers who would prefer baking in acceptance criteria in the code rather than the tests
- Developers working on code that can't afford to fail
- Anyone who wants their code to speak for itself

---

## Who's behind it

Built and maintained by [Andrea Mancuso](https://github.com/andreamancuso).  
Connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrea-m-95ba44185/).

---

## Want to contribute?

If you're passionate about contracts, compilers, or correctness-driven development, stay tuned — contribution paths will open up as the project evolves.

Commit message:

Added references to B. M. and his book.

src/pages/about.md, after:

---
id: about
title: About
slug: /about
---

# About BeyondTesting.dev

**BeyondTesting.dev** explores how software can be correct _by design_, not just through testing.

It focuses on **Design by Contract (DbC)**, a methodology that embeds correctness into code through preconditions, postconditions, and invariants.

This isn't a testing library. It's a mindset shift.

---

## Why this site exists

Most developers spend their careers chasing correctness with tests. Writing them. Updating them. Rewriting them.

> We’re not here to chase correctness. We’re here to design it in from the start.

**BeyondTesting.dev stands for correctness, clarity, and a refusal to settle.**

BeyondTesting.dev shows how **contracts** can do just that — through clear diagrams, real code examples, and language-native support.

> **Design by Contract originated in [Bertrand Meyer](https://bertrandmeyer.com/)'s book _Object-Oriented Software Construction_ (1992).**  
> It formalized preconditions, postconditions, and invariants — not as documentation, but as _executable guarantees_.  
> The Eiffel programming language was the first to enforce these principles by design.

[Read the full book (PDF)](https://bertrandmeyer.com/wp-content/upLoads/OOSC2.pdf)

---

## Who it's for

- Curious developers who would prefer baking in acceptance criteria in the code rather than the tests
- Developers working on code that can't afford to fail
- Anyone who wants their code to speak for itself

---

## Who's behind it

Built and maintained by [Andrea Mancuso](https://github.com/andreamancuso).  
Connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrea-m-95ba44185/).

---

## Want to contribute?

If you're passionate about contracts, compilers, or correctness-driven development, stay tuned — contribution paths will open up as the project evolves.
